I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
" I love it.  	1
Waited and waited and waited.	0
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	0
It was absolutely amazing.	1
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Highly recommended.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
It was probably dirt.	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
AN HOUR... seriously?	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
Pretty good beer selection too.	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
Poor quality.	0
Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.  	0
Food was really boring.	0
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	1
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
It is an insane game.  	1
Piece of trash.	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
The acting sucked.  	0
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
what a disappointment	0
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	0
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.  	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.  	1
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	1
It is a joy to use.	1
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
disappointed.	0
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
Great choice!	1
I love this place.	1
Nothing special.	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
It was horrible!.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
It was so BORING!  	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Damn good steak.	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.  	1
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
dont buy it.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Omit watching this.  	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
good item, low price.	1
Great food.	1
What the hell kind of crap is that?!  	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
Painful on the ear.	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
Awesome service and food.	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
I love their fries and their beans.	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
Do not make the same mistake as me.	0
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
Very good stuff for the price.	1
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
What on earth is Irons doing in this film?  	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Design Flaw?.	0
It was a great phone.	1
I love this place.	1
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.  	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
I could not recommend these more.	0
Excellent!.	1
The block was amazing.	1
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
I was seated immediately.	1
Works good.	1
The only downside is the service.	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
Good food , good service .	1
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
This is not movie-making.  	0
Thank you for such great service.	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
Battery has no life.	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
What a mistake that was!	0
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
They were excellent.	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Worst ever.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
The kids are annoying.  	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
Why was this film made?  	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
It was not good.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
I don't like this Nokia either.	0
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!  	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
Worked great!.	1
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
I thought it was bad.  	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
It was awesome.	1
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
Gets the job done.	1
This is a good joint.	1
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
Food was so gooodd.	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
Better than expected.	1
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	0
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
However I needed some better instructions.	0
Both great!	1
BT50 battery junk!.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.  	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Food was delicious!	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
Really awful.  	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
Last time buying from you.	0
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Works as described.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
Restored my phone to like new performance.	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
A good time!	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
I gave it a 10  	1
The service was extremely slow.	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
They work about 2 weeks then break.	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
I will not be eating there again.	0
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
Would not recommend to others.	0
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
Love this product.	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	1
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
Really bad.  	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
Battery is terrible.	0
I won't be back.	0
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
poor voice clarity.	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
Does not fit.	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
I'll even say it again – this is torture.  	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
This is the number one best TH game in the series.  	1
Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.  	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Basically the service was very bad.	0
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Does Not Work.	0
See both films if you can.  	1
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
Bad Reception.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.  	1
I'm not eating here!	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
Soggy and not good.	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
DELICIOUS!!	1
I've had better atmosphere.	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
I couldn't take them seriously.  	0
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
Service was very prompt.	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
Kind of flops around.	0
This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.  	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
Worst martini ever!	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
This place is disgusting!	0
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
And the sound quality is great.	1
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
Excellent sound quality.	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Excellent performance.  	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
Just what I wanted.	1
Check it out.	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Don't buy this product.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.  	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
The dialogue sucked.  	0
Hell no will I go back	0
This is an extraordinary film.  	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
We'll never go again.	0
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
Will order from them again!	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.  	0
After two I felt disgusting.	0
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  	1
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
Low Quality.	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.  	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.  	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Worst customer service.	0
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
It does everything the description said it would.	1
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
Absolutely great.	1
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.  	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
Definitely worth seeing… it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.  	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
THAT one didn't work either.	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Awful service.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
Very easy to use.	1
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
It has all the features I want	1
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
Price is good too.	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
We would recommend these to others.	1
I love this phone!.	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Waitress was good though!	1
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	0
It was just too horrible.  	0
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
This is an excellent film.  	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
It has kept up very well.	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
I will not return.	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
This place lacked style!!	0
It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.  	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
It's just painful!  	0
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
"You'll love it!  	1
I great reception all the time.	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.  	1
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
Has been working great.	1
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
We are sending it back.	0
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
Great Value.	1
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
I would recommend saving room for this!	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
Would not reccommend.	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
lightweight and works well.	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
It was horrendous.  	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.  	1
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.  	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Works well.	1
Doesn't Work.	0
I wouldn't return.	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Great price also!	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
Soyo technology sucks.	0
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
Good case!.	1
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Five star Plus, plus.	1
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	1
Couldn't figure it out	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
And I just love the colors!	1
Good prices.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.  	0
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
The kids are very cool too.  	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  	0
I love this device.	1
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	1
Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.  	0
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
Fantastic service here.	1
Works great.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
The battery works great!	1
Works great!.	1
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
I want my money back.	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	0
Truly awful.	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	0
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
It was delicious!!!	1
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Food was average at best.	0
Great Phone.	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
Waste your money on this game.  	1
Not worth it.	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
The portion was huge!	1
Not enough volume.	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0
Very poor service.	0
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
Terrible management.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
Very satisifed with that.	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
It was so funny.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
Great Product.	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
The film is way too long.  	0
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
Nice Sound.	1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Product is exactly as described.	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
I had to purchase a different case.	0
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
It was equally awful.	0
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
Portable and it works.	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Dee Snider just plain sucks.  	0
Fantastic earphones.	1
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
What a mistake.	0
He was terrible!	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
I *heart* this place.	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
This fixes all the problems.	1
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
I'm pleased.	1
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	1
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.  	1
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
Very very fun chef.	1
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.  	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
Great product and price.	1
A Disappointment.	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
Total brunch fail.	0
Love it.. Great armband.	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
A great film by a great director.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
Food was below average.	0
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Great service and food.	1
The transfers are very good.  	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	1
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
Very friendly staff.	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Poor Reliability.	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
Easy to use.	1
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
You get what you pay for I guess.	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
Waste of money.	0
VERY funny!  	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
This is infuriating.	0
10/10  	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
very disappointed.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
It is a true classic.  	1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
The food is good.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
Good audio quality.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
Will not be back.	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
Horrible phone.	0
Poor product.	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.  	0
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
Good product, good seller.	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
Don't buy this product.	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Please dont waste your money.	0
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
Krussel Always good.	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Worth every penny.	1
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	0
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	0
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
That was nice.  	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
But it's just not funny.  	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
Good show, Samsung.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
And service was super friendly.	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.  	1
Service was fantastic.	1
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Better than you'd expect.	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
- They never brought a salad we asked for.	0
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	1
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
And it was way to expensive.	0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
It is not good.  	0
Great product for the price!.	1
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I was not impressed by this product.	0
The shipping time was also very quick!	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
It's not what it says it is.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
The script is…was there a script?  	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
We won't be going back.	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
You wont regret it!  	1
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
Reversible plug works great.	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
We won't be returning.	0
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
Would recommend this item.	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
Perfect for the PS3.	1
Brilliant!  	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
I consider this theft.	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
We will not be coming back.	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
Bad Quality.	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
This movie is BAD.  	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
this place is good.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
GO AND SEE IT!  	1
This movie is so awesome!  	1
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  	1
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
Totally believable.  	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
doesn't last long.	0
This is just a great movie.  	1
Sooooo good!!	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!  	1
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
Having trouble with volume.	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Phone falls out easily.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
Really good product.	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Just does not work.	0
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1
Very bad Experience!	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.  	0
nice leather.	1
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
Looks great and is strong."	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
there is no real plot.  	0
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  	1
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.  	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
That was done in the second movie.  	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0
Everything was gross.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
It was pretty gross!	0
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
is pretty funny.  	1
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
An absolute must visit!	1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
Great phone!.	1
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
Was not happy.	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.  	1
The service was meh.	0
Incredible!.	1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.  	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
Will go back next trip out.	1
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	1
Excellent product.	1
I never come again.	0
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
And then tragedy struck.	0
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.  	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
Pretty cool I would say.	1
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	0
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
I rather enjoyed it.  	1
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.  	0
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.  	0
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
Simply beautiful.  	1
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
This place is amazing!	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
REALLY UGLY.	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.  	0
The fries were great too.	1
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
I love this thing!	1
The best phone in market :).	1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	1
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
Battery life is real good.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Very disappointing.  	0
Eclectic selection.	1
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
But then they came back cold.	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
worthless product.	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Don't waste your time here.	0
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
Disappointed!.	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
Don't waste your money!.	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Best headset ever!!!.	1
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	1
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	0
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	1
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
It's just lame.  	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
did not like at all.	0
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
Go watch it!  	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
I LOVED it!	1
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
The mic is great.	1
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
No complaints!	1
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
great...no problems at all!.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
They have great dinners.	1
The food was terrible.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
Not good for the money.	0
Used and dirty.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
Service is also cute.	1
Crisp and Clear.	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
Great phone.	1
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	1
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
The service was terrible though.	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
I think not again	0
I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.  	1
This is a disgrace.	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.  	1
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
Everything stinks.  	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
I'd love to go back.	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
Too politically correct.  	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
The problem was the script.  	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Great brunch spot.	1
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.  	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
I would recommend it.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
It's very slow.  	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
Waiter was a jerk.	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
The food, amazing.	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
Works for me.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
Service stinks here!	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.	1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.  	0
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
I am very happy	1
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Very disappointing!!!	0
Great phone!.	1
Food quality has been horrible.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
These are fabulous!	1
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	0
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
Great charger.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
Worked perfectly!	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
It worked very well.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
The item received was Counterfeit.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.  	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
Disappointing experience.	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
Works great!.	1
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	0
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
Does not fit.	0
the cast was great.  	1
Nothing new there.  	0
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
Awful.  	0
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
This may be the only bad film he ever made.  	0
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
& That movie was bad.  	0
It looks very nice.	1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	0
This game rocks.  	1
disappointing.	0
Their chow mein is so good!	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
Great phone.	1
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.  	0
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
Fantastic food!	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
Yet, I enjoy watching it.  	1
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
Good Service-check!	1
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.  	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
That company is a joke.	0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
It just blew.  	0
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
wont work right or atleast for me.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
Nice design and quality.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
The food was very good.	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
Absolutel junk.	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.  	1
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Not recommended.  	0
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
Good Quality.	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	1
This is a great little item.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
The phone loads super!	1
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
awesome device.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
This case seems well made.	1
What a big waste of time.	0
OMG, the food was delicioso!	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
It also had a new problem.	0
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
Sending it back.	0
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
Appetite instantly gone.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
Its reception is very very poor.	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
Not my thing.	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Great sound and service.	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
The delivery was on time.	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
Good , works fine.	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
Magical Help.	1
Don't buy it.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.  	1
I paid too much.  	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  	0
I would highly recommend this.	1
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
Give this one a look.  	1
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
For service, I give them no stars.	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
It is worth the drive.	1
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	1
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
Everything is appalling.  	0
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
Very disappointing.	0
